[Music]
I just doubled please try to get on my
life I'm already there let me try this I
know I want to I just OH
your boy just did done my gosh what time
is it
Oh John you don't have a watch so you Oh
John you shall watch so you can't tell
me what time it is you uni a discipline
an Apple watch Wow guess what time it is
I don't know I sure wish I had an Apple
watch to find out and Apple watch we
shall find you we're coming for you
we're going to hug you down and kill you
[Music]
what is the main thing that you want
I want people to look at the music
I think it's possible Shawn look what
the first picture is on their website
silver counsel for the black/silver both
30:38 trying the 42 millimeters
poor man alright which one I'm using
exact same way
what are you feeling
[Music]
drum roll which one did you land on
thinking it's a convincing we've been
sitting here for hours and hours
yeah I love that one
this is a black sand feel black sports
fan when I saw these at the grocery
store I knew John by detecting Forever
Changes he I've never had a cotton candy
Grable and he's just heating around the
back we haven't even washed the grapes
yet well we haven't you got a wash fruit
John you're going to guys oh good anyway
I just had the craziest Epiphany great
they are the perfect food to do what we
do exception we no longer have to rot
our teeth with throwing flour passion
into our mouth we now can move on to
grapes these are literally a sweet - I
know if you have never had
cotton candy grapes before in your life
they have hit the shelves they're not
going to be up that much longer
anticipate they're not year around they
are you got to get walnut hostas essays
page monster preferred this is a page
sponsor from Yelp group from your local
farms from from the local fruit farms of
America
oh my gosh Oh
my big reveal oh okay John oh that's
more notice this peel is the most
important one
I don't own a watch and I haven't owned
to watch since I was very young and now
it's an exciting time because this watch
can do everything without you having a
pot look so pretty look up a 1000 and on
the back of where you see the sensors
for anyone who doesn't know everything
about Apple watches and then you press
the button and watch this are you ready
look how well that turned on first
impressions yeah so far I love how well
it held the time is it because he's
showing the eyes you have a watch it
paired
that's what I got a text message what's
happening also what's your shirt size
don't ever talk to me like that again
jump off the cliff you see that I just
work so perfectly
Wow
[Music]
so I was a colles look fine now what
time is it just about time for a dr.
John just got down with an epic skates
sesh and the watch held up he's
answering text messages so easily via
theory and just his life is so much
better am i right
it is I can relax go to sleep and die
forever now last but certainly not least
I have been asked a question what's on
my Apple watch a ton I have briefly and
to that in previous Apple watch videos
but I feel like it's appropriate here to
let you know I use my Apple watch on a
very very like simplistic level I'm sure
there are a ton of great maps out there
that will help you out a lot but I
mainly use my Apple watch for the
notifications and honestly just the
homescreen
keep the calendar the weather and ice
you run app and the mess on my come
through because all you have got to do
is just tap it and you're there and a3
complications down below is the Apple
map you might be right up and then also
another time icon right now since I'm in
LA at this NYC and then when I'm in New
York City I have the LA time down there
just remind myself what time is it for
John right now what time is it for my
friends in LA so I would say the most
functionality I get out of my watches
every morning putting it on and
wondering what is the weather outside
and all I have to do is look at my watch
and also being able to tap on the
calendar see if I have any meetings any
flights that I'm going to be late to
because I can never be on time for
flight speaking of life one of the apps
that I use a ton on my Apple watch is
the fly Delta app now if you have this
hooked up on your phone you will be also
push notifications and it's lovely on
the watch I use it for standing
reporting path so you can plop up the
boarding pass on there put your wrist up
early on the scanner like that and
you're good to go
when you have everything set up on your
iPhone app you will get notification
to your risk when your bag is getting
loaded on what baggage claims you go to
when you reach your destination one of
my favorite up so this is what my bubbly
home screen looks like and then this is
what my dock looks like I have my now
playing first in the dock usually the
most important to me what songs do I
need to skip press play or pause the
next is the weather and you have email
you have life sex life ex is basically
the way I control my light bulbs in my
apartment stopwatch timer camera where
you can activate the shuttered wallet
activity maps and calendar as you have
the breeze and stand-up features muted
because it's like I don't I don't want
my watch demanding me to breathe or
demanding me to stand up I want to be
like in my chair for five hours editing
do that I feel you glared on people like
nah daughter back on guard on my old man
right so let's basically my watching
this is actually a great opportunity to
ask you guys if you have an Apple watch
what apps you use what am I missing out
on because again I'm using around watch
on a very very basic level I love it for
the simplicity of being able to have a
lot of things on my wrist and
notifications and things I want to
congratulate Jonathan Hill one through
Apple watch purchase it looks so good on
you and I think you will like it
hey player I'm not wearing right now
this is what the watch looks like let me
know what Apple watch app you guys are
using let me know if you like this video
subscribe button down below if you have
not yet because I post videos every
Monday through Friday I say at 7 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time
I try for 7 p.m. Eastern
time so be around jpg okay yeah yep
what's good that was pretty quite
mainframe what's good so beauty watching
with please notice me oh my god also
about breaking ceiling let's process on
how to clear out your storage on your
computer this application is called
grand perspective you can buy it in the
MAC store for literally a dollar
ninety-nine and it breaks up all of your
storage in your computer into these
chunks and it's really easy to identify
the big things that are taking go around
and you can see where these files are on
your computer down here and it shows you
the path so I'll say look this big long
chunk I need to delete that what is that
oh it's a movie I recently downloaded
already watched it don't need it
reveal in finder it reveals it you're
right click you move to trash and then
you delete it in your trash you're good
to go and you have some space back on
your MacBook
[Applause]
[Music]